Gox,Vitality,Intelligence,Endurance,Agility,Dexterity,A race of turtle-like peoples.  They can be found living in either small rural communities along the southern coast lines.  However many tend to move away to the cities in order to pursue research at universities.  They can also be found wandering the wilds in search of ruins to explore.  They are long lived but not very agile.  
Valdar,Strength,Dexterity,Vitality,Charisma,Intelligence,A race of horned mammalian people.  They are extremely powerful and large in stature. They mostly live in large clans in the southern plains and in the shadows of the volcanos in that region.  Their clans are always at war as combat prowess is viewed with respect in their society
Eona,Intelligence,Charisma,Perception,Luck,Strength,A race of refined human-like people.  Their hair is often brightly colored.  They are mostly city dwelling people who are intelligent and charismatic.  Many are merchants or scholars.  They hate to leave things to luck.  
Kroll,Agility,Endurance,Wisdom,Vitality,Charisma,A race of nomadic cat-like people.  They can be found throughout the world as they travel.  They have a few permanent settlements in the forests of the world.  They are not always trusted by others.  They are also very agile.  
Surmeli,Luck,Agility,Dexterity,Strength,Vitality,A humanoid race of small stature.  They are quick but weak.  They are known for somehow getting out of tough situations.  They have villages in forests and the hillier regions of the world.  
Zem,Dexterity,Wisdom,Strength,Perception,Luck,A race of lizard-like people who mainly dwell in the mountains.  They are a warrior race who looks to the gods for wisdom.  Many become mercenaries for foreign armies.  
Criffon,Wisdom,Perception,Agility,Intelligence,Endurance, A race of barbaric humanoids who dwell on the plains of the world.  They often shirk modern education for the wisdom of their gods.  They live in small hunter-gatherer villages
Eldrizi,Endurance,Vitality,Charisma,Dexterity,Perception,A race of large humanoids from the north.  They have incredible endurance.  They mostly live in cities in order to guard from the elements.  
Elassi,Charisma,Luck,Intelligence,Endurance,Wisdom,They are an elven race who often are found in cities of other races.  They are great merchants.  They have founded cities along the trade routes of the world.  
Clovis,Perception,Luck,Strength,Wisdom,Agility, A race of humans who have developed extraordinary perception in response to the harsh desert wilderness.  They live in walled cities for protection.  